Fayed Fish Store Copyright (c) 2020 ProC0d3rs Club

*** END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ***

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE.

LICENSE
By receiving, opening the file package, and/or using Fayed Fish Store ("Software") containing this software, you agree that this End User User License Agreement(EULA) is a legally binding and valid contract and agree to be bound by it. You agree to abide by the intellectual property laws and all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Unless you have a different license agreement signed by ProC0d3rs Club your use of Fayed Fish Store indicates your acceptance of this license agreement and warranty.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, ProC0d3rs Club grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, without right to sub-license, to use Fayed Fish Store in accordance with this Agreement and any other written agreement with ProC0d3rs Club. ProC0d3rs Club does not transfer the title of Fayed Fish Store to you; the license granted to you is not a sale. This agreement is a binding legal agreement between ProC0d3rs Club and the purchasers or users of Fayed Fish Store

If you do not agree to be bound by this agreement, remove Fayed Fish Store from your computer now and, if applicable, promptly return to ProC0d3rs Club by mail any copies of Fayed Fish Store and related documentation and packaging in your possession.

DISTRIBUTION
Fayed Fish Store and the license herein granted shall not be copied, shared, distributed, re-sold, offered for re-sale, transferred or sub-licensed in whole or in part except that you may make one copy for archive purposes only. For information about redistribution of Fayed Fish Store contact ProC0d3rs Club.

USER AGREEMENT
3.1 Use

Your license to use Fayed Fish Store is limited to the number of licenses purchased by you. You shall not allow others to use, copy or evaluate copies of Fayed Fish Store

3.2 Use Restrictions

You shall use Fayed Fish Store in compliance with all applicable laws and not for any unlawful purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, use, display or distribution of Fayed Fish Store together with material that is pornographic, racist, vulgar, obscene, defamatory, libelous, abusive, promoting hatred, discriminating or displaying prejudice based on religion, ethnic heritage, race, sexual orientation or age is strictly prohibited.

Each licensed copy of Fayed Fish Store may be used on one single location by one user. Use of Fayed Fish Store means that you have loaded, installed, or run Fayed Fish Store on a computer or similar device. If you install Fayed Fish Store onto a multi-user platform, server or network, each and every individual user of Fayed Fish Store must be licensed separately.

You may make one copy of Fayed Fish Store for backup purposes, providing you only have one copy installed on one computer being used by one person. Other users may not use your copy of Fayed Fish Store . The assignment, sublicense, networking, sale, or distribution of copies of Fayed Fish Store are strictly forbidden without the prior written consent of ProC0d3rs Club. It is a violation of this agreement to assign, sell, share, loan, rent, lease, borrow, network or transfer the use of Fayed Fish Store . If any person other than yourself uses Fayed Fish Store registered in your name, regardless of whether it is at the same time or different times, then this agreement is being violated and you are responsible for that violation!

3.3 Copyright Restriction

This Software contains copyrighted material, trade secrets and other proprietary material. You shall not, and shall not attempt to, modify, reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile Fayed Fish Store . Nor can you create any derivative works or other works that are based upon or derived from Fayed Fish Store in whole or in part.

ProC0d3rs Club's name, logo and graphics file that represents Fayed Fish Store shall not be used in any way to promote products developed with Fayed Fish Store . ProC0d3rs Club retains sole and exclusive ownership of all right, title and interest in and to Fayed Fish Store and all Intellectual Property rights relating thereto.

Copyright law and international copyright treaty provisions protect all parts of Fayed Fish Store , products and services. No program, code, part, image, audio sample, or text may be copied or used in any way by the user except as intended within the bounds of the single user program. All rights not expressly granted hereunder are reserved for ProC0d3rs Club.

3.4 Limitation of Responsibility

You will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend ProC0d3rs Club , its employees, agents and distributors against any and all claims, proceedings, demand and costs resulting from or in any way connected with your use of ProC0d3rs Club's Software.

In no event (including, without limitation, in the event of negligence) will ProC0d3rs Club , its employees, agents or distributors be liable for any consequential, incidental, indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of use, business interruption, loss of information or data, or pecuniary loss), in connection with or arising out of or related to this Agreement, Fayed Fish Store or the use or inability to use Fayed Fish Store or the furnishing, performance or use of any other matters hereunder whether based upon contract, tort or any other theory including negligence.

ProC0d3rs Club's entire liability, without exception, is limited to the customers' reimbursement of the purchase price of the Software (maximum being the lesser of the amount paid by you and the suggested retail price as listed by ProC0d3rs Club ) in exchange for the return of the product, all copies, registration papers and manuals, and all materials that constitute a transfer of license from the customer back to ProC0d3rs Club.

3.5 Warranties

Except as expressly stated in writing, ProC0d3rs Club makes no representation or warranties in respect of this Software and expressly excludes all other warranties, expressed or implied, oral or written, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantable quality or fitness for a particular purpose.

3.6 Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the United Kingdom applicable therein. You hereby irrevocably attorn and submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of United Kingdom therefrom. If any provision shall be considered unlawful, void or otherwise unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this License and not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provisions.

3.7 Termination

Any failure to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement will result in automatic and immediate termination of this license. Upon termination of this license granted herein for any reason, you agree to immediately cease use of Fayed Fish Store and destroy all copies of Fayed Fish Store supplied under this Agreement. The financial obligations incurred by you shall survive the expiration or termination of this license.

CONSENT OF USE OF DATA
You agree that ProC0d3rs Club may collect and use information gathered in any manner as part of the product support services provided to you, if any, related to Fayed Fish Store .ProC0d3rs Club may also use this information to provide notices to you which may be of use or interest to you.
